---
permalink: /legal/
layout: single
title: "Legal Stuff"
#header:
  #overlay_image: /assets/images/humanprocessing.jpg
  #caption: "Photo credit: [**Unsplash**](https://unsplash.com)"
  #cta_label: "More Info"
  #cta_url: "https://unsplash.com"
  #overlay_filter: 0.25
#show_overlay_title: true
#show_overlay_excerpt: true
excerpt: "Disclaimers, Privacy Policy and License"
classes: wide
author_profile: true
---

It’s worth clarifying that each and every thought on my website is my own, I’m responsible for what I say, and all errors, stupid comments, and idiocy are my own personal responsibility. These are my own thoughts, generated by me, representing me. They – and this website. If I’ve made a mistake, it’s my fault. If something I wrote made you laugh, you can thank me. Obviously, you should not rely on anything in this website as legal, financial, accounting, investment, tax, or any other kind of regulated advice. I’m merely a gal who has a bunch of opinions, no matter how stupid they are.

My co-writers are incorporated herein 'by reference', which is legalese for “what they say is their own stuff and not affiliated with any of the companies they work for either.”

Oh, and good to note that this page is reviewed and revised from time to time.


## Software Reviews

I post here and then a software review, these reviews are based on my personal findings, my opinion (this will be separated mentioned as a conclusion). The findings in those articles are based on the known facts, no matter if the original developer likes it or not.

* I do not believe in marketing lies or snake oil.
* I keep my reviews objective, my own thoughts are visible.
* I always do my own research and I check what is already spread on the Internet.

Please keep in mind that possible mentioned problems might have been fixed over time or the product might be already end-of-life. I usually monitor the software and might review it once again something important change was made on the product.


## Comments

Each comment gets manual approved, so don’t be sad if it takes a while until you see your comment. I try to unlock your comment as soon as possible. The Blog is protected via [Google's reCAPTCHA](https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/v3beta.**html**) system. Supporters see their comments immediately. There will be no spam ever I promise – I promise – my site uses a very strong filter and due to the fact that every comment must be manually approved I see no reason to waste your and my time doing spam attacks.

I can’t update all links and posts of my Blog but if you find dead links, feel free to leave a comment or send me an email. In the future, I might implement something to automatically detect dead links to avoid this but right now it’s simply too much work for me and time I would lose to monitor each post/comment to check every single link. At this point my apologies if something is offline.

All readers are encouraged to leave comments. While all points of view are welcome on my Blog, only comments that are courteous and on-topic will be posted. Spam will be deleted and if it continues the user gets a permanent ban. Participants on this blog are fully responsible for everything that they submit in their comments and all posted comments are in the public domain.


## DISCLAIMERS

- Any opinions expressed are solely my own and do not express the views or opinions of my employer. Co-writers incorporated herein by reference and their opinions are also their own and do not express the views or opinions of their employers.
- I am not responsible for the republishing of the content found on this website on other websites or media without my permission.
- This shall not constitute an offer to buy, sell, or solicit securities.
- All information provided herein is for informational purposes only and should not be relied upon to make an investment decision and does not intend to make an offer or solicitation for the sale or purchase of any specific securities, investments, or investment strategies.
- Nothing contained herein constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice nor is it to be relied on in making an investment or other decision.
- This may contain forward-looking statements and projections that are based on our current beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available that we believe to be reasonable. However, such statements necessarily involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.
- Investments involve risk and unless otherwise stated, are not guaranteed.
- In considering any performance information contained herein, you should bear in mind that past or projected performance is not necessarily indicative of future results, and there can be no assurance that any entity referenced herein will achieve comparable results or that return objectives, if any, will be met.
- All of the information herein is subject to change without notice. Information is provided as of the dates set forth herein. Current or future characteristics and other information may vary significantly from those provided herein and the poster undertakes no obligation to notify anyone of such variances or update the information herein.
- The poster does not represent that the information herein is accurate, true or complete, makes no warranty, express or implied, regarding the information herein and shall not be liable for any losses, damages, costs or expenses related to its adequacy, accuracy, truth, completeness or use.
- The charts, tables, and graphs contained in any post are not intended to be used to assist the reader in determining which securities to buy or sell or when to buy or sell securities.


## PRIVACY POLICY

Below is information regarding dty717’s commitment to protect the privacy of users and to ensure the integrity of the Internet.

Internet user privacy is of paramount importance to chefkochblog.wordpress.com or dty717.github.io. The success of my business depends upon my ability to maintain the trust of my readers. If for any reason you have concerns about my software or website’s privacy policies, please feel free to contact me. I take each request serious and I will review it to see what I can change and improve.


### Collection of Personal Information

#### Short explanation

1. I will never share your email address or any other personal information with anyone without your direct consent.
2. I collect your email address (should you join my newsletter) and will use this information by adding you to my list of interested visitors, to be in touch with you, send you newsletters that include an opt-out link, and provide you with updates and marketing.
3. I use MailChimp as marketing automation platform, Google and Mailgun for email service, Upscribe for signup form management and Wufoo for contact form management. The information you provide will be transferred to them for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms.
4. Every email I send will include a link to opt out of any future communication. You can also contact me [here](/contact) directly if you wish for your data to be 100% deleted.
5. I do not store information I collect about your visit to this website for use other than to analyse content performance through the use of cookies (log files to help learn about when, from where, and how often traffic flows to this website), which you can turn off at anytime by modifying your Internet browser's settings.

#### Long explanation

In the course of delivering this site to you, **my Blog does NOT collect any personally identifiable information about you**, such as your real name, address, phone number or email address from users of this website without your knowledge. All other information are taking measures to protect your privacy.

Ads via Google analytics used on this website can use cookies and/or web beacons to collect data in the ad serving process, this process. You can remove or opt-out them at any time using your browser tools but keep in mind that this ends up with not supporting my work. An additional opt-out method is already implemented.

You can leave comments on my site and stay completely anonymously. You may use your real email address or name – if you do, then these data are associated with this comment. I won’t use the information associated with comments in any way, won’t sell the information or share it with third-parties. I don’t associate IP addresses with comments or store them.

You may sign up to my site newsletter. I use a double opt-in for that and will store your email address for the sole purpose of delivering the newsletter to your email address. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. Your email address will be removed when you unsubscribe and no record of the data will be kept.

The site displays share and subscribe options for select social networks. These are implemented in the most privacy-friendly manner; they are static links that don’t connect to third-party sites automatically and won’t record any user interaction unless activated by the user.

#### Which rights you have over your own data

If you have an account on my site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data I hold about you, including any data you have provided to me. You can also request that I erase any personal data I hold about you. This does not include any data I are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.

Note that I need to be able to link data to you, for instance, by your email address. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this matter, please feel free to contact me.

#### How long will I retain your data

If you leave a comment, the comment, your selected name and email address if filled out, are retained indefinitely on this site.

If you subscribe to my email newsletter, I keep your email address in my database until you unsubscribe from the newsletter which you may do at any time.


## Third Party Advertising

I use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit my Blog. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click the links below.

* Google, Bing, Pinterest & Yandex Index - Only to get into the Search results, it’s not for third-party advertisements!
* [Google Analytics Privacy Policy](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/?hl=en_US)


## Linking Policy

My blog may contain external links to other sites. Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service that is operated by Staticman. I can not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of information on external sites.


## Promise to my reader

* No paid off content – ever!
* I stay neutral and objective, no matter what! I add my comments and my own ideas but I won’t reject comments or opinions just because I don’t like them, sadly many other blogs are still doing such practice. Some words are automatically going into the spam folder, I usually manually review them.
* Donations or support related things going straight into my blog.
* I try to keep the blog as much as possible and free from advertisements.
* I ban accounts that use my blog primarily for political or ideological battle immediately, regardless of which politics they favour.
* I do not track my users, the stats which getting collected are not sold to external providers.


## LICENSE

All original content (e.g. articles, blog posts, data visualizations, illustrations, photographs) available on this website is released under a 'All Rights Reserved' license, unless otherwise noted. In other words, this means you are free to redistribute the material in any medium or format as long as you don’t use it for commercial purposes without my prior written consent. Also, you must give appropriate credit.

### ATTRIBUTION

A link back to the 'source article' with the original content, attributed to either [dty717.github.io(https://www.dty717.github.io) or [CK's technology News](https://chefkochblog.wordpress.com) is good enough for me.


This terms and conditions are subject to change at any time with or without notice.

_Last change: May 25, 2018_
